Create expo-app-auth deprecated docs (#59)
expo/fyi: expo-app-auth-deprecated.md

# Deprecating `expo-app-auth`

In May 2020 we rewrote [`expo-auth-session`](https://docs.expo.dev/versions/latest/sdk/auth-session/) as a pure JS replacement for most of the authentication systems in Expo.

**AuthSession** solves the following issues with `expo-app-auth`:

- Many authentication providers require nonstandard customizations which weren't possible with the existing native API.

> - `expo-app-auth` includes heavy native packages which weren't fully exposed, meaning the builds were needlessly larger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `expo-app-auth` includes heavy native packages which weren't fully exposed, resulting in larger than necessary build sizes.
```

- Debugging `expo-app-auth` proved to be very difficult.

> - `expo-app-auth` didn't include web support and the native interface wasn't very cross platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `expo-app-auth` didn't include web support and the native interface wasn't cross platform.
```

- `expo-app-auth` extends a native library from Google which mostly just worked with the Google authentication.

## Migration

Many auth providers have robust documentation for integrating with `expo-auth-session` making it easier to move over: [Learn more](https://docs.expo.dev/guides/authentication/).

> You will probably want to migrate to the Hooks API provided by `expo-auth-session` which has no comparable API in `expo-app-auth`, but if you'd like to migrate one to one, here is the closest estimation:

Reviewer: "here is the closest estimation:" - missing something here?

### `issuer`

> An "issuer" is a URL to a server that returns an object of URLs that are used for interacting with the authentication service. For example, Google uses `https://accounts.google.com/.well-known/openid-configuration`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An "issuer" is a URL for a server that returns an object of URLs that are used for interacting with the authentication service. For example, Google uses `https://accounts.google.com/.well-known/openid-configuration`.
```

In `expo-auth-session`, you're required to resolve the service object yourself and handle any errors accordingly. This is faster because you can potentially make less fetch requests by getting the issuer once and sharing it across invocations.

Here are some examples of how to use the new API:

**Imperative**

```ts
import { fetchDiscoveryAsync } from "expo-auth-session";
(async () => {
  try {
    const discovery = await fetchDiscoveryAsync(
      "https://accounts.google.com/.well-known/openid-configuration"
    );
  } catch (error) {
    // Handle server / network errors...
  }
})();
```

**Declarative**

```ts
import { useAutoDiscovery } from "expo-auth-session";

// A React component...
function App() {
  const discovery = useAutoDiscovery(
    "https://accounts.google.com/.well-known/openid-configuration"
  );

  // The discovery goes from null to an object when the request finishes.

  return null;
}
```

### `AppAuth.authAsync`

> The `authAsync` method contains a lot of complexity for things like auto exchanging client side secrets (never store your secrets in the client!). This functionality has been divided across a couple of different methods and classes in `expo-auth-session`. It is highly recommended that you use the React Hooks API for performing authentication in `expo-auth-session` via `AuthSession.useAuthRequest()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `authAsync` method encapsulates a lot of functionality, such as auto exchanging client side secrets (never store your secrets in the client!). This functionality has been divided across a couple of different methods and classes in `expo-auth-session`. It is highly recommended that you use the React Hooks API for performing authentication in `expo-auth-session` via `AuthSession.useAuthRequest()`.
```

> [`AuthSession.refreshAsync()` API](https://docs.expo.dev/versions/latest/sdk/auth-session/#authsessionrefreshasync).

The `refreshAsync` method wraps an request to the `tokenEndpoint` URL. This is a simple system to migrate between. Spec: [Section 6](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-6).

```ts
const clientId = "XXX";
const refreshToken = "XXX";
const serviceConfiguration = {
  tokenEndpoint: "...",
};

AppAuth.refreshAsync(
  {
    clientId,
    serviceConfiguration,
    isRefresh: true,
  },
  refreshToken
);

// v v v

AuthSession.refreshAsync(
  {
    clientId,
    refreshToken,
  },
  serviceConfiguration
);
```

### `AppAuth.URLSchemes`

There is currently no replacement for this iOS-only constant which returns the URI schemes from the app's native `Info.plist`. This may be added to `expo-linking` or `expo-application` in the future.

Check out the [redirect URI patterns](https://docs.expo.dev/guides/authentication/#redirect-uri-patterns) guide for more info.

### `AppAuth.OAuthRedirect`

There is currently no replacement for this constant which simply indicates a native URI scheme that maps to the bundle identifier on iOS and the package name on Android.

> This can be generally retrieved by using `expo-application`:

Reviewer: why "generally"? what exceptions are there?

Author: Android package name ≠ applicationId but we use the package name for the uri scheme.
